to win them all you have to do the
equivalent of an entire formula one
season in one day it means nothing can
be left to chance it's a tremendously
difficult job it requires clear precise
decision-making we have over 100 people
working to ensure the three LEDs are
perfectly prepared we have to have total
trust across the whole OD team or we
will not win now think of it from my
position I come into the pits breakheart
pick stop it changed the wheels a guy in
the left front gets real off moving on
not on real gun and within less than a
minute I'm on my way to over 200 miles
per hour I have to trust he's done his
job perfectly my life is in his hands
when I'm driving the car is doing the
equivalent of a gentle jog on the pedals
my heart rate is an average of about 130
beats per minute when I coming to the
first chicane and brake hard I tricks
that great pedal with my 80 kilos of
force and I'm stealing through the
corners it's about four kilograms in
each hand
at the same time and going through three
G of lateral force that means I've got
to hold my breath to stop my lung is
getting crushed to the side of my rib
cage your head with your helmet on is
about eight kilos now multiply that by
three G that's twenty four kilos now try
this at home why off the edge of your
bed get a laptop it's about two
kilograms and then just sit and do this
but a couple of minutes not the three
and a half hours we're in the car three
and a half hours of intensity three and
a half of concentration over a three and
a half minute lap with 50 other cars
trying to beat the 30 days
Lamar is a 24 hour race it's all day all
night it's aquaplaning down the streets
or in beautiful 35 degrees of sunshine
you never stop until a checkered flag
from stone at three o'clock and Sunday
afternoon one race one day one season
one winner